README.md, before:

# Algorithms & data structures project

## Data Structures
- [Dynamic Array](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/dynamic-array/dynamic-array.c)	 
- [Linked List](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/linked-list)
	- [Singly Linked List](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/linked-list/linked-list.c)
	- [Doubly Linked List](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/linked-list/doubly-linked-list.c)
- [Stack](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/stack/stack.c)

## Search Algorithms
- [Binary search (integers)](./src/main/c/algorithms/search/binary-search.c) **- O(log(n))**

## Sort Algorithms
- [Insertion Sort](./src/main/c/algorithms/sort/insertion-sort.c) **- O(n<sup>2</sup>)**

## Interview Questions
#### Linked-list
- [Reverse a linked list iterativetly](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/reverse-linked-list-iterative-method.c) **- O(n)**
- [Reverse a linked list recursively](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/reverse-linked-list-recursive-method.c) **- O(n) time and space**
- [Return kth to last element of a linked list](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/kth-to-last.c) **- O(n)**
- [Delete the middle node of a linked list](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/delete-middle-node.c) **- O(n)** 
- [Check if a linked list is a palindrome](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/is-palindrome.c) **- O(n) time and space**
- [Given two (singly) linked lists, determine if the two lists intersect](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/intersect.c) **- O(n + m)**
- [Given a circular linked list, implement an algorithm that returns the node at the beginnig of the loop](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/loop-detection.c) **- O(n)**
- [Partition a linked list around a value x](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/partition.c) **- O(n)**

#### Stack
- [Reverse a given string](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/stack/reverse-string.c)  **- O(n) time and space**
- [Check if a given expression has balanced brackets](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/stack/has-balanced-brackets.c)  **- O(n) time and space**
- [Convert infix expression to postfix](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/stack/infix-to-postfix.c)  **- O(n) time and space**

Commit message:

Adding link to the last linked list solved problem

README.md, after:

# Algorithms & data structures project

## Data Structures
- [Dynamic Array](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/dynamic-array/dynamic-array.c)	 
- [Linked List](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/linked-list)
	- [Singly Linked List](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/linked-list/linked-list.c)
	- [Doubly Linked List](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/linked-list/doubly-linked-list.c)
- [Stack](./src/main/c/algorithms/datastructures/stack/stack.c)

## Search Algorithms
- [Binary search (integers)](./src/main/c/algorithms/search/binary-search.c) **- O(log(n))**

## Sort Algorithms
- [Insertion Sort](./src/main/c/algorithms/sort/insertion-sort.c) **- O(n<sup>2</sup>)**

## Interview Questions
#### Linked-list
- [Reverse a linked list iterativetly](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/reverse-linked-list-iterative-method.c) **- O(n)**
- [Reverse a linked list recursively](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/reverse-linked-list-recursive-method.c) **- O(n) time and space**
- [Return kth to last element of a linked list](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/kth-to-last.c) **- O(n)**
- [Delete the middle node of a linked list](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/delete-middle-node.c) **- O(n)** 
- [Check if a linked list is a palindrome](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/is-palindrome.c) **- O(n) time and space**
- [Given two (singly) linked lists, determine if the two lists intersect](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/intersect.c) **- O(n + m)**
- [Given a circular linked list, implement an algorithm that returns the node at the beginnig of the loop](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/loop-detection.c) **- O(n)**
- [Partition a linked list around a value x](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/partition.c) **- O(n)**
- [Sum two numbers that are represented, in forward order, by linked lists](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/linked-list/sum-lists-forward-order.c) **- O(n + m) time and space**

#### Stack
- [Reverse a given string](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/stack/reverse-string.c)  **- O(n) time and space**
- [Check if a given expression has balanced brackets](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/stack/has-balanced-brackets.c)  **- O(n) time and space**
- [Convert infix expression to postfix](./src/main/c/algorithms/interview-questions/stack/infix-to-postfix.c)  **- O(n) time and space**
